Add `osu!taiko World Cup 2025: Finals Recap` news post (#13178)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-04-25-osutaiko-world-cup-finals-recap.md

Alongside the [newly announced Featured Artist](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-04-13-new-featured-artist-terminal-11), we were treated to a brand-new [osu! original](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) for this year's osu!taiko World Cup! [Terminal 11](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/470) delivered **Echoes** which resonated throughout the Finals.

Please click the banner below to check out the map, and watch the showcase video of [**Terminal 11 - Echoes**](https://youtu.be/P0vgkkz0DTs). Enjoy!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-25-osutaiko-world-cup-finals-recap/echoes.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2354615#taiko/5069524)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/470/Echoes/Terminal 11 - Echoes.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

## Finals results

Here are all the outcomes laid out:

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Taiwan** ::{ flag=TW }:: | **7** | 3 | ::{ flag=CN }:: China |
| **Chile** ::{ flag=CL }:: | **7** | 3 | ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom |
| Chile ::{ flag=CL }:: | 3 | **7** | ::{ flag=TW }:: **Taiwan** |
| **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea |

> We unfortunately had to see a few teams leave the tournament once again, but we want to take a moment to thank the following teams for participating and congratulate them for getting this far: ::{ flag=RU }:: Russia, ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia, ::{ flag=FR }:: France, ::{ flag=TR }:: Türkiye, ::{ flag=US }:: United States and ::{ flag=SG }:: Singapore.

Author: ```suggestion
We unfortunately had to see three teams leave the tournament once again, but we want to take a moment to thank ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile, ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom and ::{ flag=CN }:: China for participating and congratulate them for getting this far!
```
